This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.

nsIObserver topics for profile changing. Profile changing happens in phases
in the order given below. An observer may register separately for each phase
of the process depending on its needs.

"profile-change-teardown"
  All async activity must be stopped in this phase. Typically,
  the application level observer will close all open windows.
  This is the last phase in which the subject's vetoChange()
  method may still be called.
  The next notification will be either
  profile-change-teardown-veto or profile-before-change.

"profile-before-change"
  Called before the profile has changed. Use this notification
  to prepare for the profile going away. If a component is
  holding any state which needs to be flushed to a profile-relative
  location, it should be done here.

"profile-do-change"
  Called after the profile has changed. Do the work to
  respond to having a new profile. Any change which
  affects others must be done in this phase.

"profile-after-change"
  Called after the profile has changed. Use this notification
  to make changes that are dependent on what some other listener
  did during its profile-do-change. For example, to respond to
  new preferences.

"profile-initial-state"
  Called after all phases of a change have completed. Typically
  in this phase, an application level observer will open a new window.

Contexts for profile changes. These are passed as the someData param to the
observer's Observe() method.

"startup"
  Going from no profile to a profile.
  The following topics happen in this context:
      profile-do-change
      profile-after-change

"shutdown-persist"
  The user is logging out and whatever data the observer stores
  for the current profile should be released from memory and
  saved to disk.
  The following topics happen in this context:
      profile-change-net-teardown
      profile-change-teardown
      profile-before-change

See https://wiki.mozilla.org/XPCOM_Shutdown for more details about the shutdown
process.

NOTE: Long ago there was be a "shutdown-cleanse" version of shutdown which was
intended to clear profile data. This is no longer sent and observer code should
remove support for it.
